index.md, before:

## Welcome to the DNHND webpage

This web page shows my efforts on the way of becoming myself.


### Monster Hunter: Bubble Shooter

Bubble Shooter is a match 3 game with attractive graphics and addictive gameplay

[<img src="https://dmitriifeshchenko.github.io/monsterhunter/feature_graphic.png">](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.dnhnd.monsterhunter)

Well-Known Mechanics:
1. Tap to aim and release to shoot the selected bubble 🏹
2. Match 3 or more bubbles to clear them all 💥

Key Features:
1. Really addictive gameplay 🎮
2. Truly useful boosters 🚀
3. Catchy graphics and audio 🙈
4. Lots of levels available 🔥

You can download this game on [Google Play](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.dnhnd.monsterhunter) at any time.

Use [this link](https://dmitriifeshchenko.github.io/monsterhunter/privacy.html) to review the privacy policy.


### Maze puzzle

Improve your visual memory with the classic maze simulator. Find the way out! 🎯


[<img src="https://dmitriifeshchenko.github.io/maze/E7Cn9DevEAts_1024_500.png">](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.dnhnd.maze)

This game is a classic maze simulator that will help to train your visual memory. Moreover, with all the modes available it's very fun to play. You can customize the game as you like more. 🚀

Key features:
1. Unlimited number of levels
2. Different skins
3.Three types of boosters
4. Four difficulty levels
5. Lot's of different modes

You can download this game on [Google Play](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.dnhnd.maze) at any time.

Use [this link](https://dmitriifeshchenko.github.io/maze/privacy.html) to review the privacy policy.


### Support or Contact

Having trouble with our apps? [contact support](mailto:dev.dnhnd@gmail.com) and we’ll help you sort it out.

Commit message:

Update website content
Add King Of Numbers title
Rework index page
Update app-ads.txt

index.md, after:

## Our Titles

### King of Numbers 2048

Exercise your brain with number block puzzles: merge 2048 bricks and x2 blocks!

[<img src="https://dmitriifeshchenko.github.io/king-of-numbers/feature_graphic.jpg">](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.pocketnumbers.king.android)

How To Play:
- Tap the screen and shoot number blocks in their chronological order of appearance
- Link identical number blocks in a row, vertically or horizontally.
- Gather diamonds and utilize them wisely to progress in the puzzle game.

Key Features:
1. Streamlined and contemporary design, user-friendly interface, and vibrant number blocks ✅
2. Addictive and innovative gameplay ✅
3. Supplementary Tools ✅
4. Leaderboard ✅
5. No time constraints ✅

You can download this game on [Google Play](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.pocketnumbers.king.android) 
or [App Store](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/king-of-numbers-2048/id6473016871?ls=1) at any time.

Use [this link](https://dmitriifeshchenko.github.io/king-of-numbers/privacy.html) to review the privacy policy.

* * *

### Monster Hunter: Bubble Shooter

Bubble Shooter is a match 3 game with attractive graphics and addictive gameplay

[<img src="https://dmitriifeshchenko.github.io/monsterhunter/feature_graphic.png">](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.dnhnd.monsterhunter)

Well-Known Mechanics:
1. Tap to aim and release to shoot the selected bubble 🏹
2. Match 3 or more bubbles to clear them all 💥

Key Features:
1. Really addictive gameplay 🎮
2. Truly useful boosters 🚀
3. Catchy graphics and audio 🙈
4. Lots of levels available 🔥

You can download this game on [Google Play](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.dnhnd.monsterhunter) at any time.

Use [this link](https://dmitriifeshchenko.github.io/monsterhunter/privacy.html) to review the privacy policy.

* * *

### Maze puzzle

Improve your visual memory with the classic maze simulator. Find the way out! 🎯

[<img src="https://dmitriifeshchenko.github.io/maze/E7Cn9DevEAts_1024_500.png">](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.dnhnd.maze)

This game is a classic maze simulator that will help to train your visual memory. Moreover, with all the modes available it's very fun to play. You can customize the game as you like more. 🚀

Key Features:
1. Unlimited number of levels
2. Different skins
3. Three types of boosters
4. Four difficulty levels
5. Lot's of different modes

You can download this game on [Google Play](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.dnhnd.maze) at any time.

Use [this link](https://dmitriifeshchenko.github.io/maze/privacy.html) to review the privacy policy.

* * *

## Support or Contact

Having trouble with our apps? [contact support](mailto:pocketnumbers.help@gmail.com) and we’ll help you sort it out.
